README.md, before:

# dsci-100-project_template
Template project repository for DSCI-100

&nbsp;

# Alexis Kuerbig
## 15606007

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;




# <u> Data Description <u>

## Given a unique opportunity to work with and analyze data about video game players and the extent of their participation in the game "PlaiCraft", we aim to analyze the data to refine recruitment efforts of players while improving quality of players' gameplay. We are presented with data consisting of many variables such as player:

* Age
* Name
* Gender
* Experience as a gamer (ranging from Amateur to Veteran)
* Number of hours spent playing the game
* Number of different sessions a player has spent playing Plaicraft *

#### (* where session data includes the respective start and end times, and both qualitative and quantitative variables are included amongst this data). 
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

## We are also given information about whether the player is (a):

* Subscriber to the game
* The email associated with their user.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

### The number of hours represents the extent of their gameplay, and is crucial to analyze in order to determine whether this variable may correlate to the skill level the gamers possess. Does skill level have a positive relationship with the number of hours spent playing and if so, is it strong? Additionally, does any given skill level correlate to collectively more hours spent on the game for that level of skill? This is important information to gain insight into whether recruitment efforts should be made towards Amateurs or Veterans, for example. 

### The different variables allow us to classify the gamers and group them in different ways to assess the variables unique relationship to the extent of gameplay. With 196 observations of different players and 7 variables amongst these observations, with an additional 1535 observations of total sessions played and 5 variables amongst players' session data, this is substantial data to perform data visualization and regression analysis on the extent of gameplay in Plaicraft.

Commit message:

Potential challenges
Data column issues

README.md, after:

# dsci-100-project_template
Template project repository for DSCI-100

&nbsp;

# Alexis Kuerbig
## 15606007

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;




# <u> Data Description <u>

## Given a unique opportunity to work with and analyze data about video game players and the extent of their participation in the game "PlaiCraft", we aim to analyze the data to refine recruitment efforts of players while improving quality of players' gameplay. We are presented with data consisting of many variables such as player:

* Age
* Name
* Gender
* Experience as a gamer (ranging from Amateur to Veteran)
* Number of hours spent playing the game
* Number of different sessions a player has spent playing Plaicraft *

#### (* where session data includes the respective start and end times, and both qualitative and quantitative variables are included amongst this data). 
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

## We are also given information about whether the player is (a):

* Subscriber to the game
* The email associated with their user.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
&nbsp;

### The number of hours represents the extent of their gameplay, and is crucial to analyze in order to determine whether this variable may correlate to the skill level the gamers possess. Does skill level have a positive relationship with the number of hours spent playing and if so, is it strong? Additionally, does any given skill level correlate to collectively more hours spent on the game for that level of skill? This is important information to gain insight into whether recruitment efforts should be made towards Amateurs or Veterans, for example. 


### Some issues arise where "Original Start Time" and "Original End Time" do not provide insight into player data, as we do not have information surrounding what these variables represent and are are thus challenging data to be used towards enhancing player experience improving recuitment efforts for Plaicraft.


### The different variables allow us to classify the gamers and group them in different ways to assess the variables unique relationship to the extent of gameplay. With 196 observations of different players and 7 variables amongst these observations, with an additional 1535 observations of total sessions played and 5 variables amongst players' session data, this is substantial data to perform data visualization and regression analysis on the extent of gameplay in Plaicraft.
